
 A Tale of space! 
	Off into space, the rocket zoomed. A planet here, a star there. It’s all
a blur of brightness and darkness at the speed of light. Following the
fall of Earth 1.0, the uber-rich destroyed Earth 2.0 with their
selfishness and greed. The generation of 3000 is humanity's last chance
at survival. As a last-ditch attempt to save the human race, the 
government of the New States of America has sent a team of 5 on a mission
to a new planet named:

	However, Leoshas only been observed from thousands of lightyears
 away and the only thing known about it are that it has water.
	The team is made up of regular civilian volunteers as most believe
that the mission to Leosis a suicide mission. Still, these brave explorers
agreed to be the hope of Earth 2.0 and now we join them on their journey to a
hospitable planet. Lightyears away the members of the ship are in hypersleep.
Only weeks away from their destination something goes terribly wrong. The
alarms sound, and the team is ripped out of their resting state.
What could be going on?!

	The captain is up before the rest of the crew. Limbs totally weak,
mind is hazy and vision is low. They stumble towards the control
panel and on the screen, clear as day, a warning message:
“FOREIGN BODY IN SHIP DETECTED.”
	Captain decides to check out the situation and let the rest of the crew 
sleep. The foreign body is detected in the supply room. Slowly, Captain makes 
his way to the room as he is disoriented and slightly frightened. After all, what 
could possibly be in the supply room? 

	As Captain creeps up to the room they smell something putrid. It’s the smell
of burning flesh. Frightened that something may be on fire they slam the door 
to the supply room open. There they see themselves. Or morethe body of their
burning self. How could that be?? They look down at their hands and
flames erupt. Suddenly their whole body is on fire! Flailing around, Captain 
looks at the previously burning body and they once again see themselves but now 
perfectly fine. Unfortunately captain burns to death in the supply room while 
the foreign body steps over them and takes their place while none of the crew
knows. “Captain” goes into the sleep chambers and rests until they reach Leos
	Landing on planetLeosis not a smooth ride. The surface makes for
a rocky landing. The good news isLeoshas an oxygen rich atmosphere that 
allows the crew to breathe. Once on the ground the crew must decide if they 
should leave the ship immediately or stay inside for a while.

	Captain Decides it's best to stay in the ship. But Captain is being 
weird, they talk to themselves in the corner and stares too 
seriously at the crew. The crew decides to have dinner. 
Captain doesn't eat but they lick their lips and watch. 
After dinner Captain invites the crew to the supply room. Once 
inside Captain leaves the crew in the room alone and locks 
the door behind them. The remains of old captain rises from the 
corner. The crew screams in horror as the mangled corpse of 
their former captain charges at them. Burnt up captain touches 
the members and they spontaneously combust. The room soon 
fills with flames and kills everyone but “Captain”. The end.